Feat(eos_designs): Emit warning when detecting eos_cli_config_gen keys while validating eos_designs (#6403)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: docs/warn-eos-cli-config-keys-usage-in-eos-designs.md

Author: TODO - discuss if we keep this file or if the porting guide is enough

Reviewer: If it is kept as a separate file - should we make it a part of the navigation menu? If it is open right now it feels weird as UI/nav is not showing you the current "location" (and how to open it without knowing direct link?)

Author: removed the page.
The location was known because of the error message

[custom_structured_configuration](../ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/eos_designs/docs/how-to/custom-structured-configuration.md) which is the recommended way of
using `eos_cli_config_gen` variables within `eos_designs`. However the direct usage of `eos_cli_config_gen` variables still works.

!!! note

>     Only top-level keys from the `eos_cli_config_gen` schema are detected and warned about. Nested keys within `eos_designs` data structures are not affected by this validation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Only top-level keys from the EOS Config inputs are detected and warned about. Nested keys within AVD Design data models are not affected by this validation.
```

## Changes

### AVD 6.0 and Later

> Starting with AVD 6.0, the `eos_designs` role emits warnings identifying the native `eos_cli_config_gen` keys being used at the top level of input data. The nominal behavior of `eos_designs` is to ignore `eos_cli_config_gen` native keys found at the top level of input data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting with AVD 6.0, the `eos_designs` role emits warnings identifying the native EOS Config input keys being used at the top level of AVD Design input data. The behavior of `eos_designs` is to ignore these keys.
```

custom_structured_configuration_dns_domain: my.awesome.domain.local
```

> #### Disabling Warnings

Reviewer 2: There is a typo on `custom strutcured configuration...` above.

Author: fixed in porting guide

> By default, warnings are enabled to help identify configuration that will be ignored. If you want to disable these warnings (for example, if you are aware of the ignored keys and want to suppress the notifications), you can set the `avd_eos_designs_warn_eos_cli_config_gen_keys` variable to `false`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, warnings are enabled to help identify configuration that will be ignored. If you want to disable these warnings, you can set the `avd_eos_designs_warn_eos_cli_config_gen_keys` variable to `false`:
```
